# PenetrationTestingTools
Basic Penetration Testing Tools used for Web Application Systems

WARNING: This tool is for educational purposes only, I don't condone the performance of illegal activities. Anything which you do with this knowledge that is liable against the law will result into civil liabilities and prosecution, so please take caution when using this tool. Thanks.

This repository contains a text document containing access to tools used for penetration testing of web application systems, first given to me by Mr. Michael Oscar Slowik, aka, cathatethical after supposedly working on scraping the source code of BreachForums, which was then leaked online to ExposedVC, later downloaded from the forum and gotten by Pavel Maxim Kravkenko, aka, D4RKR4BB1T47. This text document contains the documentations and access to tools that Mr. Slowik uses for his penetration testing, the same tool which was used and tested against the websites of Eric Brogdon by Mr. Slowik himself on his Virtual Machines to scrape Mr. Brogdon's sites before he got Armadyl (Morderator and Janitor of BreachForums, a friend of Mr. Slowik who pretends to be 16 Years Old when he's not) DDoSed them.

This text document contains a variety of tools and built-in linux functionalities that can be used for Penetration Testing without needing to install most of the tools. Nonetheless, for the tools that are needed to be installed, I guess you could just Google them up, if you're not running on a Kali Linux or Parrot Security OS. Anyway, that's that.

NB: Slowik's tools are mainly the OSINT Tools and the More on Slowik Folder. The rest of the tools are all mine and are applicable to be used for Bug Bounty Programs and testing your own web applications for vulnerabilities. I'll be uploading more tools in the future as I further progress in the journey of using HackerOne to perform Web Application Penetration Tests and report on Vulnerabilities to be patched, so stay tuned to this. Description of each tool that I've made and committed to the git can be seen in their folders README File including how to use them as well. Thanks.
